7.3 릴리즈 노트 - 하이퍼링크 (External Procedures Manual) (#471)
ALTIBASE/Documents: Manuals/Altibase_7.3/eng/External Procedures Manual.md

When the stored procedure that registered an external procedure is invoked in the client session, the Altibase server starts the Agent Process for external procedures. And when the execution of external procedures is complete, the Altibase server stands by for a while and, if no other external procedure is being executed, terminates the Agent Process. 

> Because the Agent Process is subordinate to the service session of the Altibase server, n number of Agent Processes are created when external procedures are invoked in n number of client sessions. Also, the Agent Process created by a session also terminates when the session does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Agent Process is subordinate to the service session of Altibase Server. If external procedures are called in multiple sessions, a corresponding number of Agent Processes will be generated, and when the sessions are terminated, the associated Agent Processes will also be terminated.
```
Agent Process는 Service session에 종속된다. 만약 여러개의 세션에서 external procedure를 호출하면, 그 개수만큼의 agent Process가 생성되며, 세션이 종료하면 해당하는 Agent Process는 종료된다.
의 내용으로 재 작성했습니다.

Author: ```suggestion
The Agent Process is subordinate to the service session of the Altibase Server. If external procedures are called in multiple sessions, the corresponding number of Agent Processes will be generated. When the sessions are terminated, the associated Agent Processes will also be terminated.
```
문장이 긴 듯 하여 두 개로 나눴습니다. 각 세션 당 agent process를 하나씩 갖게 되는 거라면 마지막 문장은 각각의 세션을 종료하면 그 세션에 할당된 agent process도 종료된다. 라고 쓰는 것은 어떨까요?

> In the internal mode, external procedures are executed without an agent process by directly loading dynamic libraries within Altibase server.

Reviewer: "그러나 internal mode의 경우에는 Agent Process 가 생성되지 않는다." 라고만 해도 되지 않을까요?

Author: ```suggestion
In the internal mode, external procedures are executed without an agent process.
```

동의합니다~ 앞에 이미 직접 동적 라이브러리를 로딩한다는 내용이 있어서 빼도 될 것 같아요! 간단하게 답변 주시면 위의 문장 커밋하겠습니다.

Reviewer: But in the internal mode of external procedures, no agent process is created. 는 어떤가요?

Author: 진아님이 주신 문장이 더 직관적인 것 같아서 반영하여 수정하였습니다!

### Related Meta Tables and Performance Views

> - SYS_LIBRARIES\_

Reviewer: Related Meta tables
- SYS_LIBRARIES

Related Performance Views
-V$EXTPROC_AGENT
-V$LIBRARY
-V$PROCINFO

로 분류하는게 낫겠어요.
그리고 SYS_LIBRARIES 국문 설명도 이상하네요,, general reference 2 설명이 맞는 내용입니다.

Author: 관련하여 수정했습니다.

##### call_spec

This specifies the names of user-defined functions and library objects, parameters, and the mode of external procedures. If users do not specify EXTERNAL or INTERNAL in this clause, it operates in an external mode.

> > The order of specifying names for user-defined functions and the library objects is arbitrary, but each should be specified only once.

Reviewer: 다시 확인해보니, function과 library는 선택사항입니다. 두개를 동시에 쓸수 없는게 맞네요. 굳이 없어도 되는 문장같습니다. call_spec 그림을 확인하면 되는 내용인것 같아서요.

즉, 이문장은 삭제하는게 좋을 것 같습니다.

##### call_spec

This specifies the names of user-defined functions and library objects, parameters, and the mode of external procedures. If users omit this clause, it operates in an external mode.

> The order of specifying names for user-defined functions and the library objects is arbitrary, but each should be specified only once.

> 

Author: 사용자 함수 이름과 라이브러리 객체의 이름, 파라미터들을 지정하고, internal mode 또는 external mode를 설정 할 수 있다. 만약 EXTERNAL, INTERNAL을 명시하지 않으면, EXTERNAL 모드로 동작한다.

사용자 함수 이름과 라이브러리 객체를 명시하는 순서는 상관이 없으나, 각각 한번씩만 명시해야 한다.

----
위의 리뷰를 바탕으로 작성했습니다. 검수 부탁드립니다. 기존 진아님 리뷰 코멘트는 리졸브 하겠습니다.

##### call_spec

This specifies the names of user-defined functions and library objects, parameters, and the mode of external procedures. If users do not specify EXTERNAL or INTERNAL in this clause, it operates in an external mode.

> 

Author: 사용자 함수 이름과 라이브러리 객체의 이름, 파라미터들을 지정하고, internal mode 또는 external mode를 설정 할 수 있다. 만약 EXTERNAL, INTERNAL을 명시하지 않으면, EXTERNAL 모드로 동작한다.

사용자 함수 이름과 라이브러리 객체를 명시하는 순서는 상관이 없으나, 각각 한번씩만 명시해야 한다.

위의 리뷰를 바탕으로 작성했습니다. 검수 부탁드립니다. 기존 진아님 리뷰 코멘트는 리졸브 하겠습니다.

> 

Reviewer: ##### func_name  -> ##### function_name

Author: 수정했습니다.

##### call_spec

> This specifies the names of user-defined functions, library objects and parameters. The order in which user-defined functions and library objects are specified is irrelevant, however, they must be specified only once. If INTERNAL is specified, it operates in the internal mode in which the server directly loads and executes the dynamic library without connecting with the agent process. If EXTERNAL is specified or omitted, it operates in external mode to connect with the agent process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specifies the names of user-defined functions, library objects and parameters. The order in which user-defined functions and library objects are specified is irrelevant, however, they must be specified only once. If INTERNAL is specified, it operates in the internal mode in which the server directly loads and executes the dynamic library without connecting with the agent process. If EXTERNAL is specified or omitted, it operates in the external mode.
```

> This specifies the names of user-defined functions, library objects and parameters. The order in which user-defined functions and library objects are specified is irrelevant, however, they must be specified only once. If INTERNAL is specified, it operates in the internal mode in which the server directly loads and executes the dynamic library without connecting with the agent process. If EXTERNAL is specified or omitted, it operates in external mode to connect with the agent process.

Reviewer: call_spec 절에서 library 를 지정할 때, internal, external mode를 명시하도록 기능이 확장된거라,, 국문의 내용도 조금 어색하네요. call_spec 절의 세부 속성(language, name, library 등)에 대한 설명도 추가되어야 할 것 같습니다. 이는 모아서,, 따로 개발자에게 요청하는게 좋겠네요.

Reviewer: 국문) 사용자 함수 이름과 라이브러리 객체의 이름, 파라미터들을 지정한다. 사용자 함수 이름과 라이브러리 객체를 명시하는 순서는 상관없으나, 각각 한 번씩만 명시해야 한다. INTERNAL을 명시하면 에이전트 프로세스와의 통신없이 서버가 동적 라이브러리를 직접 로딩해서 실행하는 internal mode로 동작한다. EXTERNAL을 명시하거나 생략한 경우에는 에이전트 프로세스와 통신하는 external mode로 동작한다.

국문이 좀 어색하네요.. 아래의 의미로,,좀 다듬어 주세요~~)
사용자 함수 이름과 라이브러리 객체의 이름, 파라미터들을 지정하고, internal mode 또는 external mode를 설정 할 수 있다. 만약 EXTERNAL, INTERNAL을 명시하지 않으면, EXTERNAL 모드로 동작한다.
> 사용자 함수 이름과 라이브러리 객체를 명시하는 순서는 상관이 없으나, 각각 한번씩만 명시해야 한다.

Author: 관련하여 수정하였습니다.

> ##### fun_name

Reviewer: fun_name -> func_name

Author: 수정했습니다

##### call_spec

This specifies the names of user-defined functions and library objects, parameters, and the mode of external procedures. If users do not specify EXTERNAL or INTERNAL in this clause, it operates in an external mode.

> The order of specifying names for user-defined functions and the library objects is arbitrary, but each should be specified only once.

> 

Reviewer: "> The order... " 부분 제거 (위 코멘트와 동일)
